Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
No matter how many stars
there are in the sky...
...no matter how many galaxies
swirl beyond our own.
Tracking locked
onto inbound UFO.
It appeared out of nowhere.
No matter what
the mathematical probabilities
or the number of times we say
we are not alone
in the universe...
It's closing in.
but slowing down.
...our first visit
from the stars is always
the province
of children's stories
and science fiction.
Talk to me.
Telemetry is confirmed.
UFO is not of planetary origin.
It's from outer space.
First contact with aliens always
lives squarely
in the impossible.
Getting stable visual.
First contact is just a dream...
- Oh. man.
- until one day it isn't.
What is that?
♪
The universe
grows smaller every day.
And the threat of aggression
by any group.
anywhere. can no longer
be tolerated.
There must be security for all
or no one is secure.
Now. this does not mean
giving up any freedom.
Except for the freedom  to act irresponsibly.
Your ancestors knew this.
We of the other planets have
long accepted this principle.
We have an organization
for the mutual
protection of all planets
and for the complete...
Really?
Again?
Come on. it's a classic.
Mmm. More coffee. Captain Batel?
Mmm. Don't mind if I do.
Captain Pike.
Still haven't decided?
Mm. Enterprise doesn't
space dock for another week.
That's ages.
Pancakes were good.
Phone's ringing again.
Yep.
You ever gonna answer it?
So. when do you ship out?
Chris.
We can keep doing this.
but we can also talk about it.
Talk about what?
Whatever it is you're
so busy not talking about.
Whatever happened out there.
Whatever's got you questioning
your return to command.
Whatever's got you questioning...
Yes?
Everything.
It's classified.
I've got deeper
security clearance than you do.
Not for this.
I ship out tomorrow at 0600.
- Back in a month.
- Hey...
I might still be here.
So give me a call.
we'll get together.
That'd be nice.
I'd like that.
But I really hope you're not.
You've got better places to be.
♪
You spooked my horse.
Apologies.
You weren't answering
your communicator.
With all due respect. Admiral.
what the hell do you want?
I have a first contact scenario
that may have gone bad.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's not my problem.
- The officer in command is someone I trust...
- You're not hearing me. Bob.
We both agreed that I'd have
until Enterprise left space dock
- before deciding whether or not...
- But then we lost contact
- with her ship.
- I'm not sure what
- this has to do with...
- Here's her last transmission.
We haven't heard from her since.
First contact is just a dream.
Until one day it isn't.
I suspect a new world will be
joining the Federation soon.
Your first officer doesn't
do downtime well. Chris.
Mine used to be a lot like that.
I'm pulling
Enterprise out of space dock.
She's still
on scheduled maintenance.
She can skip
the redundant systems checks.
I want her crewed up
and ready to fly by 1800.
Send someone else.
You don't want me
in command of that ship.
You're getting us confused.
You don't want you in command.
What the hell happened
out there. Chris?
It's classified.
Classified.
Look. I'm sympathetic
to whatever's going on with you.
But I want you to find out
what happened to Una.
You can quit when you get home.
but right now.
I need you
back on that horse. Captain.
That's an order.
♪
Space.
The final frontier.
These are the voyages
of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission:
to explore strange new worlds.
To seek out new life...
and new civilizations.
To boldly go
where no one has gone before.
♪
- Query.
- T'PRING: Response.
Vulcans are so formal.
- Aren't we. though?
- Query.
Response.
- Well said.
- Thank you.
Perhaps simply asking a question
rather than prefacing it
with a declaration
that a question is coming
would be more efficient.
- One would think.
- So?
You asked me here to this spot
on the anniversary
of our first courtship event.
You are wearing
ritual mating colors.
So I am.
And yet the entire meal
has passed without you...
Querying?
Yes. Querying.
Without you asking me
a question.
That's patently untrue.
I have asked you many questions.
About your family.
P'Sal's new lute recordings.
Your galavanting
about the galaxy
- with Starfleet.
- "Galavanting"?
Is there a particular question
that you would
like me to ask you?
Apologies.
I may have assumed too much.
I have been away.
which can mitigate tradition.
- I have no right to as...
- Query.
Spock.
Will you marry me?
I was beginning to think
you would never ask.
Which...
I now believe. was the idea.
I'm going to have to ask you two
to do that somewhere else.
Please.
What an excellent idea.
On Salon. the seas consist
of liquid mercury.
Earth's are water.
There's nothing out there better
than what's here on Vulcan.
Perhaps you need to show me.
- Don't.
- I have to.
I took an oath.
As you just did to me.
Matrimony and duty.
The two will complement
each other.
I remain skeptical.
Spock...
Are you naked?
- No. Captain.
- No. Chris.
he's not.
He was about to be.
It's a special night.
Sorry.
Is everything
all right. Captain?
We're going back out.
Number One's
gone missing. Spock.
April's sending us to find her.
I will meet you
on board. Captain.
T'PRING will understand.
- Pike out.
- Spock out.
That should have been a query.
Whether or not
I would understand.
I am sorry.
Don't make a habit of it.
I won't chase you across
the galaxy just to get married.
There is no need to chase
what we already have. T'PRING.
Enterprise. this is
Shuttle Stamets incoming
- to transport coordinates.
- Stamets cleared
to transport.
All scrubbed up
and good as new. sir.
Wish it were that easy.
Sir?
Energize.
- How are you. Mr. Spock?
- Systems are all nominal.
- But as you know. no simulations were run.
- Thank you. Chief Kyle.
The main A.I. has been upgraded.
Personnel rotation
was in process.
A few officers will have
to billet after the mission.
That includes the chief engineer
and Lieutenant Kirk.
whom I know you requested.
It seems like
a million years ago.
Three months. ten days. four
hours. five minutes. actually.
I asked how you were. Spock.
I am well. Captain.
Although I confess each time
I return to space.
the weight I carry for the loss
of my sister feels heavier.
I'm sorry. I miss her. too.
Bridge.
Okay. new cadets.
medical...
Oh. good. we needed that.
Uh. security.
- Security...
- What is it. Captain?
Um. well. I just assumed
that in Una's absence...
Forgive me. Captain. Command
believes I would best serve
the mission
as chief science officer.
Oh. no. I understand. Spock.
I just. uh...
I just didn't think
about having...
...a new Number One.
Captain on the bridge.
Captain Pike.
Lieutenant La'An Noonien-Singh.
Chief of security.
I've been assigned
as acting first officer.
Welcome aboard. Number One.
You've got some
pretty big boots to fill.
I'm aware.
Okay.
Welcome back and welcome
aboard. everyone.
Ready. Lieutenant Ortegas?
You bet. Course for Kiley 279
plotted and laid in. Captain.
- Ops. How we doing. Lieutenant?
- Lights are green across the board.
She feels ready to me. Captain.
Communications?
Ah. yes. the prodigy.
Cadet... Uhura?
On communications rotation.
Very happy to have you aboard.
Thank you. sir. Glad to be here.
Enterprise is cleared for launch.
Okay. Ortegas.
let's take her out.
We are five-by-five for warp.
Captain?
What?
Oh.
Right. of course.
Okay. Ms. Ortegas.
Hit it.
Ship wide. Cadet Uhura.
Aye. sir.
This is your captain.
We're a little early
out of the gates.
so I hope we didn't
catch anybody
with your hair wet
or your pants down.
As you're all aware. Starfleet
sends out a first contact team
whenever our deep space probes
detect signs
of a working warp engine.
Six days ago. the signature
of a functioning warp drive
appeared on Kiley 279.
The USS Archer
went to say hello.
We have since lost contact.
Our mission
is to find our people
and bring them home.
And maybe if we get lucky.
make some new friends.
Nobody dies.
This mission will not
be anybody's last day.
Captain out.
Let me know when we get there.
I'll be in my quarters.
Number One. you have the comm.
Aye. Captain.
Maintain course and speed.
Alert. radiation leak detected.
Training exercise aborted.
- I got this!
- MAN: Get out of here!
Four seconds to lockdown.
Three.
Aah!
Radiation reaching
critical levels.
- Lockdown complete.
- Captain Pike!
No!
Come.
Mr. Spock.
Captain. I do not wish
to overstep.
Overstep.
Saurian brandy?
Are you... yourself. sir?
Well. I'm very much myself.
That's the problem.
It was not lost on me
that when you went down
to the Klingon moon of Boreth.
you returned a changed man.
Boreth is notable
for two things:
a monastery and a rare ore
that can cause temporal
consciousness displacement.
Both of which bear
the power of transformation.
It wasn't the monastery.
No. I assumed as much.
You saw the future?
I saw my own death. Spock.
At least the death
of the man I am now.
I know exactly how and when
my life ends.
And I didn't just see it.
I felt it.
Every agonizing second.
Most humans...
we like to think
that right until
the very last instant...
...somehow. some way.
we'll cheat death.
At least I did.
Is it soon?
Only you could
ask that question.
No.
It's almost a decade away.
Is that soon?
Suddenly that feels soon.
I can't stop seeing it.
Sir. I would suggest
knowledge of death
is vital
for effective leadership.
Knowledge is one thing. Spock.
but I experienced it.
How will it live in me?
Will it make me hesitant?
Cautious? Not cautious enough?
I'm already
second-guessing myself.
And that's the last thing
a captain can afford.
Suffering can be
transformed into insight.
You must seek out the good
in knowing your own death.
Use it to be the man
you most essentially are.
And who's that. Spock?
The captain.
Captain Pike to the bridge.
We're dropping out of warp.
Any sign of the Archer?
Getting her transponder ping
on the night side.
Take us around. Lieutenant.
Hail her. All frequencies.
Trying.
Nothing. sir.
Any chance we're losing her
response in sub-space chatter?
There is no sub-space chatter.
It's dead quiet out there.
We've got a visual. sir.
On screen.
All systems show in the green.
Ship's perfectly intact. sir.
- Life signs. Mr. Spock?
- SPOCK: None.
But neither am I detecting
any bodies.
The ship is empty.
Where's her crew?
Fascinating.
I'm all ears.
It's a figure of speech.
I am remotely accessing
the ship's manifest.
Archer carried only Una
and two astrophysicists.
If she went to the surface.
she'd have headed
for the warp signature.
Can you locate it. Spock?
I have it. sir. Although...
Not really in the mood
for an "although" right now.
I'm having trouble locking on.
Its location may be shielded.
This warp signature's also got
a pretty weird signal variance.
Pretty weird?
Recommend deflector shields
to full.
Any obviously defensive posture
is in direct violation
of first contact protocols.
No hails from the surface
or sub-space chatter.
No interplanetary traffic.
Not one orbital dock.
- What's your point?
- These people aren't showing
any signs
of local space colonization.
Which puts them a century
behind constructing warp drive.
Yet they have a warp signature.
A nascent one.
- The anomaly is a red flag.
- Captain. there is not sufficient...
- Activate deflector shields.
- Aye.
Reading multiple launches
from the surface.
Plasma torpedoes.
Three direct hits.
- Damage assessment?
- Minimal.
But if we hadn't had
our shields up...
Good call. Number One.
Take us up. Ortegas.
Maybe they'll think they got us.
What is going on down there?
Plasma torpedoes?
That's 21st-century tech.
How in the hell
did these people develop
a faster-than-light engine?
They did not.
Recommend we go to red alert.
Red alert. Ms. Uhura.
I have analyzed the signal variance
Lieutenant Ortegas isolated.
These people have not
built a warp drive.
Based on these readings.
they have built a warp bomb.
It would seem there are
two warring factions.
And their conflict has escalated
to a crisis point.
Surface scans of the planet
are consistent
with pre-warp society.
- How is that possible?
- As you know.
the Vulcans
invented first contact.
As they never fail to remind us.
The worlds in this sector
with warp.
All have or are in process
of being inducted
into the Federation.
We are free
to travel to any of them.
General Order 1 does not apply.
Not on one of these worlds--
in fact. not once in the entire
history of first contact
has warp been first developed
as anything but a drive.
Put another way.
the nuclear bomb
could have been invented
before particle physics.
- It simply never has been.
- Would Number One have known
that the warp signature
was that of a weapon?
Possibly not. Our scanners
were just updated in space dock.
If those missiles are
the best they've got.
let's beam down. find
our people. and bring them home.
We have to consider
the possibility
that this technology
isn't native.
However they got it.
if they found it
in a crashed alien
spacecraft. if it was placed
in their hands...
- General Order 1 applies.
- We cannot interfere
with their natural development.
We cannot show ourselves
- for risk...
- But if they've already seen us?
We cannot risk the possibility.
So we just leave
our people there?
Hardly.
Let's go see the doctor.
Doc.
Please. dispense some wisdom.
Okay.
Never get the house dressing.
Ah.
Good to see you.
Dr. M'Benga toured
the Mojave with me
- and I toured Kenya with him.
- Mr. Spock.
- And this is...
- A pleasure to see you again.
Of course.
You had to certify her for duty.
I received your orders. Captain.
This is Nurse Chapel.
Nurse Chapel
is on civilian exchange
from the Stanford Morehouse
Epigenetic Project.
Sounds like you're
just the person for the job.
What job?
I'm gonna mess with your genome.
You first.
The locals are humanoid.
They're a close match
to most of the crews'
physiology and genetics.
But we'll need to make
a few alterations
if you want to blend in.
Internally. they have a bunch
of different organs that would
take a lot longer
to change. so...
just try not to get an X-ray.
Change how. exactly?
Nurse Chapel is part
of Starfleet's initiative
to better observe alien cultures
without contamination.
You make disguises.
And you boss a rocket ship.
if. you know. we're going
all simplistic here.
I make minor alterations
to your genetic code
and induce internal celerity
to express
short-term changes
to your biology.
Is it safe?
Almost every time.
Sedative first.
Your body is going
to undergo compressed.
jury-rigged metamorphosis.
It's... painful.
Damn the ramparts. Doctor.
It means go ahead.
Okay.
I modified it for you.
But Vulcans are more complex
and your half-human genome
is unique.
So...
it might not last as long
the first time.
No sedatives.
Just the gene therapy.
Maybe I wasn't clear about
the... the terrible pain part?
Maybe I wasn't clear
when I said no.
So...
I've read your file. Um...
- I think I understand...
- Are you giving me
a direct order to allow sedation
during this procedure. Captain?
I am not.
Then I prefer
to remain fully aware.
People survive things.
Well. there's surviving...
and then there's living.
It's your choice.
Hang in there. sister.
Local clothing patterns
have been downloaded
into the buffer as well
as universal translators
and tricorders.
Confirming no weapons?
Confirmed.
Setting you down somewhere
with no foot traffic.
Just don't lose my socks.
Mr. Kyle.
Energize.
♪
Why is it always an alley?
Captain.
Where are my pants?
When in Rome. Mr. Spock.
Don't worry.
It's not a dignity issue.
For the record.
this was not my choice.
Protests carried on through
the night and into the morning
at federal sites
around our nation.
Seditious elements
continue to spread rumors
of an advanced weapon
being developed
by the government
for domestic use.
Captain. it appears
we've landed in a society
in the midst of some
prolonged civil conflict
within this planet's government.
- Shades of old Earth.
- Are you familiar
with the United States
of America. Spock?
Yes. as I am
with both their civil wars
and their devastating results.
If this society's
already at a flashpoint
and they've somehow acquired
an advanced weapon...
Captain.
We're close enough
for me to get a better fix
- on the warp signature.
- Where?
There.
Whatever is shielding the warp
tech makes transport impossible.
We can't beam into the building.
We'll have to find...
Captain. permission to act fast.
- Granted.
- Stay here.
Please. Help me.
Oh. my medication... over here.
- Easy. easy.
- His neck.
What?
His neck! His...
It is fortunate their
musculature was responsive.
It's fortunate that you can
finally take a hint.
Enterprise can
fabricate replicas
of their clothes
and security badges
to match our retinal scans.
What do you suggest
we do with these two?
Beam them up.
- Beam them up where?
- Well. sickbay can sedate them.
You're suggesting we leave
these people unconscious
on a Federation starship
while we complete our mission?
They'd experience no pain.
have no memory.
just some lost time.
They're both under
low-level sedation.
- Let's see how this works on them.
- I need a DNA sample.
- Right now?
- The simulation I'm running shows
that Spock's genetic coding
is beginning to deteriorate.
If I don't synthesize a booster
with actual Kiley DNA.
he may not pass a retinal scan.
You'd need one with
compatible surface proteins
for Mr. Spock's Vulcan blood.
Or he'll never
get past security.
This one's not going to work.
Looks like we got lucky.
Where am I?
Delta Scorpii Seven.
I'll prep the booster.
you catch the rabbit.
Always give me the fun job.
Well. you're my favorite.
- Ortegas.
The landing party
needs to stand by.
Don't let them
enter that building.
And we got a Delta
Scorpii Seven situation.
Always when
I'm in the captain's chair.
That was quite a performance
you gave back there. by the way.
Prey posture-- useful
for tricking predators
into thinking you're helpless.
Captain. you can't go in.
What? W-Why?
Chapel needs to beam down
a booster for Spock.
Give us a minute.
Hey. keep it moving.
We don't have a minute.
Kyle. can you pinpoint
a location
and beam down
and apply an eye salve?
Uh. are you kidding? No.
Transporters don't do that.
Chief. it's Ortegas.
Find a way to make them do that.
Whoa. no. no. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
- Where the hell am I?
- I know you're scared.
- It's not what you think.
- What is this?
Okay. maybe it is a little bit.
No. no. no. no. come on!
Hi.
We're headed to the bridge.
The bridge
is where our Backtack is.
Like the game Tagball
on your planet.
The Backtack makes
all the decisions.
You know Tagball?
I'm so sorry.
- Where's the scientist?
- Headed for the bridge.
Can we fire up the emergency
medical transporter?
Energizing.
I heard the greatest match game
was Cone Rockets
versus Boom Shield.
Yes. I was there...
Gotcha.
Thank you.
Welcome to Enterprise.
Uh. Uhura.
Chapel.
Step away from the scanner.
It's up to you now. Kyle.
I said step away.
Go on.
Captain. my genetic alterations
may continue to wear off.
Got her. This way.
The walls here are embedded
with some kind of highly dense
radiation plating.
It's why our sensors couldn't
penetrate the building.
Only something as powerful
as a warp signature
would even have
a chance of getting out.
But now we're inside.
I can track her bio signs.
She's alive. Captain.
And she's here.
- Where?
- Down.
Way down.
This is us.
- Down here.
- Spock. your ears.
I'm aware.
The pain is quite remarkable.
The recoding seems
to have stabilized for now.
It's this one.
Captain?
- That's quite a look.
- Really?
How about thank you
for saving me?
Somehow. I figured you might.
Can you move?
Projectile wound. a result
of our less-than-warm welcome.
Minor altercation.
In retrospect.
we might also have considered
traveling incognito.
La'An.
Hey. Chief.
- Hate to be the other guy.
- Wait. you two know each other?
Yeah. she found me once.
when I was in a bad spot.
- Didn't I tell you to stop being brave?
- Captain.
- I should have said something. I...
- Later.
Spock. the shielding is jointed.
- We used a spoon.
- We may be able to route
a transport signal
through the gaps.
Yes. if we were closer
to the surface.
- Number One.
- Yes. Captain?
Uh. the original.
Can you walk?
It is fortunate
our route is empty.
Can you not jinx it?
It is illogical to believe...
Captain. the pain--
it is unbearable.
Spock?
Ah. that's better.
No time to hide them.
Let's move.
Still too much interference.
- We have to get higher.
- What happened here?
These people are not ready
for first contact.
She's not cleared for this.
I don't give a damn.
How the hell did they get warp?
We gave it to them. Captain.
We're less than one light-year
out from zero point.
Zero point?
Where we and the crew
of Discovery
opened up a wormhole
to the future.
Between Kelpien and Klingon
ships. there must have been
a hundred warp signs.
We lit up the sky.
And their various telescopes
were just good enough to see us.
They collected enough data
to reverse engineer
a matter/anti-matter reactor.
- Captain. I have Enterprise.
- They weren't ready for warp.
Not by a long shot.
And now they're using
our tech to build a weapon.
I never considered...
Chris. no one could have.
We were fighting for the very
lives that are in jeopardy now.
Pattern boosters are working.
We can't make them
care about the stars.
That's not our job.
Transporter control
is locking on.
They just wanted
to crush their enemy.
And we gave them the means.
Found our sleeping friends.
Captain. we are ready
to beam up.
Captain!
- Captain.
- If we leave now.
every death that follows
is on our hands.
We cannot further influence
the destiny of this world.
Meant to or not. Spock.
we already have.
Our only option now
is to influence it well.
Chris. General Order 1
clearly states we cannot in...
Screw General Order 1.
Spock. you're with me. The rest
of you get back to the ship.
- Captain.
- Right now.
That's an order.
Four to beam up.
Leave the captain
and the science officer behind.
Spock. on me.
Is this wise?
I am clearly alien.
That's what I'm counting on.
Take me to your leader.
The failure was ours.
We owe your entire world
a profound apology.
You're saying our ingenuity
was actually
- your mistake?
- No. I'm saying
that we should've been
more circumspect
about exposing our technologies.
A tenet of our people
is not to influence
less-developed civilizations.
- How perfectly noble.
- The power you're harnessing
can bridge the gap
between worlds.
But its capacity for destruction
cannot be underestimated.
We have been in conflict
with a seditious faction
for centuries.
This is our opportunity
to end that conflict.
Through mass murder?
Have your people never
put down civil unrest?
Negotiation. Debate.
These are the tools
to build a lasting peace.
Tell me. are there groups
who refuse
to negotiate with you?
Powerful groups?
Oh... oh. yes.
- And with those?
- You remember when elephants fight.
it's the grass that suffers.
The Kikuyu people
of Kenya. Africa.
on Earth. they teach us
that lesson every day.
You've given me a proverb.
which is less useful
than a big stick.
Whoever has
the biggest stick wins.
Well. our regulations
compel me...
Your rules are not
my rules. Captain.
My job is to ensure our ability
to govern future generations.
If spilled blood is the price...
so be it.
Take them.
What good is a rule if you're
not willing to die for it?
Or break it.
Emergency communication
from Captain Pike.
Enterprise to lower orbit.
Full visibility.
Show 'em what you got.
- Captain?
- Wait for it.
Just like you said--
whoever has
the biggest stick wins.
In this case...
that is me.
♪
Today. in a historic moment.
leaders of the governing
and revolutionary factions
will meet
to discuss the arrival
of the aliens.
This is the first time
in a century both leaders
have been in the same room
at the same time.
And we will
bring it all to you. live.
This is going well.
They've become used to episodes
of violence for centuries.
The true cost
of a civil war is abstract.
Not believing you're gonna die
is what gets you killed.
What did you just say?
Sorry. Captain.
Just something my father said
not long before he...
Well. you read my file.
You know the Gorn captured
my family's colony ship
and deposited us
on one of their...
planetary nurseries.
Didn't understand
what he meant at first.
But I had a lot of time
to think about it.
About why I was
the only one to survive.
Do you know
what I saw on the faces
of so many of the people
I loved as they died?
Before they were slit open
and fed on alive
or used as breeding sacks?
Do you know
the last thing they felt?
Surprise.
- Yes.
- Because right up until
the last moment. they...
couldn't imagine dying.
Yes.
But not you.
No. Not me.
And that's what kept you...
alive.
Thank you. Lieutenant.
Captain.
I'm gonna need access
to the historical database.
Cadet Uhura.
I need you to punch a signal
down to the planet.
Hi.
Sorry to interrupt.
I'm Christopher Pike.
My world is called Earth.
And though it's far from here.
uh. my people and yours
are. uh. very much alike.
This is my world today.
But we were not always peaceful.
This is Earth
in our 21st century.
Before everything went wrong.
It's a lot
like your world today.
Recently I was
treated to a glimpse
of my future.
It was not all I'd hoped.
After all. what good is there
in knowing your future?
A friend of mine
asked me that recently and...
...didn't understand
what he meant.
Until now.
I've seen my future.
Let me show you yours.
Our conflict also started
with a fight for freedoms.
We called it
the Second Civil War.
then the Eugenics War.
and finally just World War III.
This was our last day.
The day the Earth
we knew ceased to exist.
What began as an eruption
in one nation.
ended in the eradication
of 600.000
species of animals
and plants
and 30% of Earth's population.
Global suicide.
What we gave you
is the means
to exterminate yourselves.
And from the looks of you.
you're gonna do it.
You'll use competing
ideas of liberty
to bomb each other to rubble.
just like we did.
and then your last day
will look just like this.
Perhaps. somewhere.
all your ends
are written
as indelibly as mine.
But I choose to believe
that your destinies
are still your own.
Maybe that's why I'm here--
to remind you
of the power...
of possibility.
Maybe that's the good
in-in seeing my future--
that I might remind you that.
right up until the very end.
life is to be worn gloriously.
Because. till our last moment...
...the future's what we make it.
So...
...go to war with each other.
Or...
...join our Federation
of Planets...
...and reach for the stars.
The choice is yours.
♪
Getting the Federation
High Court
not to throw you all in jail
almost took more pull
than I have.
And I have a lot of pull.
I had to go to the CNC personally
to get myself read into what
you people did on Discovery.
Hell of a job. Chris.
If I may ask. Admiral.
how did you convince Starfleet
our actions did not violate
General Order 1?
I used a loophole.
Since the council
can't acknowledge
that the battle
ever actually took place...
It cannot acknowledge
how the people
of Kiley 279 acquired warp.
Council's not happy about it.
They're doubling down.
renaming it the...
Prime Directive.
Well. that'll never stick.
Permission to return
to Enterprise. sir.
That's up to you. Chris.
You planning
on keeping the chair?
♪
You wanted to see me. Captain.
I should have told you. sir.
Tell me now.
The Gorn have a ritual.
The last one--
the one who survives--
they send into space on a raft.
Like throwing a fish back.
I suppose.
You're not really
supposed to survive.
Dumb luck the King Jr.
ran into me.
Una was an ensign on the King.
She helped me
find my way back home.
She's the reason
I joined Starfleet.
I was worried that
you would question my ability
to carry on the mission.
You were worried
I wouldn't trust you.
- Yes.
- So.
you decided
not to trust me instead.
I was wrong.
I'm-I'm sorry.
Your record is spotless.
But...
there's more
to serving Starfleet
than just individual excellence.
Our ability to work together--
that's our greatest strength.
Other people are...
...challenging. for me.
Mm.
You know
how those domes got up here?
- No. sir.
- Well.
during World War III.
a group of scientists
sent seed pods into space.
to preserve them.
But when the war was over
and Earth had rebuilt.
the forests were too large
to bring home.
So. Starfleet built
its first base around them.
Even in space.
growth.
sometimes...
remarkable growth.
is possible.
I'd like to offer you
a commission
to join us on the Enterprise.
Sir?
Captain's log.
Stardate 2259.42.
Earth--
the dust and sky-- is my hearth.
But Enterprise is my home.
We can go forward together.
knowing that
whatever shadows
we bring with us.
they make the light
all the brighter.
I am...
a lucky man.
Captain on the bridge.
Crew rotation
is complete. Captain.
Lieutenant Kirk is on his way
to the bridge. as you requested.
Thank you. Number One.
New security chief is
- in place.
- Captain.
Departing Starbase 1.
We are five by.
Starfleet Command.
this is Enterprise.
Requesting warp clearance.
Ship systems are optimal.
Oh. man.
Chris.
I mean. Captain.
Samuel Kirk.
Welcome to Enterprise.
- How's the family?
- All fine. sir.
It's great to be here.
Well. you're posted
to life sciences. and...
he's your new boss.
We are cleared for warp. sir.
Course. Captain?
What's the mission?
Our mission?
We explore.
We seek out new life
and new civilizations.
We boldly go
where no one has gone before.
Cool.
Sir.
Let's take her out.
Lieutenant Ortegas.
Warp factor 2.
Hit it.
♪
Captioning sponsored by CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Captain Pike to the bridge.
There is a problem.
♪
We have less than one hour
before the comet
will impact.
There will be no survivors.
Let's get it done. people.
We've got a planet to save
before breakfast.
Weapon up.
Kirk. Uhura. with me.
Don't want anyone flying
off into space.
♪
I know you had
a vision of the future.
Maybe your fate
isn't written.
Captain. we have incoming.
Their ships are fast
and their weapon systems...
Let's just say
we don't want to piss 'em off.
Confrontations with
our mortality
can be a unique opportunity.
You did not intend
on being here.
Will you rise to the job?
Was that your version
of a pep talk?
Yes.
What the hell did this?
La'An to Bridge.
Raise shields now!
When we seek out the unknown...
we will find things
that challenge us.
But we do not back down.
I can't control it.
It's good to get mad sometimes.
It makes you human.
Be vigilant. Get creative.
The magic of science!
♪
We are bonded forever
by the family that is Starfleet.
Let's get to work.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today